= owasp-esapi-ruby

== Introduction

The Owasp Esapi Ruby is a port for outstanding release quality Owasp Esapi
project to the Ruby programming language. 

The idea is to build a Ruby gem containing the Esapi concepts
implemented in Ruby classes so people using Ruby in their Rails application
can have security into them.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Roadmap
* May to October 2010: Project documentation. 
The idea is to start looking at the concepts behind ESAPI and matching to Ruby
classes, design the overall library architecture, the class public methods and
stuff like that. 
Ideally, 31st October deliverables will be: 
	* "The Owasp Esapi Ruby development guide" (a book containing the behind the scenes of the library) 
	* "The Owasp Esapi Ruby user guide" (a book containing how to use it and some examples)

* November 2010 - May 2011 - Project implementation. 
All the interfaces, all the classes mentioned in the guides must be created
and filled up with (working :-)) code. During those months, we will follow the
release early, release often mantra so we'll periodically release intermediate
gem versions. 
My idea is to release monthly.

	Owasp Esapi Ruby 1.0.0 will start Release Candidate the 31st May 2011.
	GPC will be prompted to assess the Project as Beta quality.

* June 2011 - July 2011 - Project consolidation. 
Community will be pushed for comments, feature requests, "must have" that we
must put in the first major version.

	Apis Freeze will be 31st July 2011

* August 2011 - Let's fix the bug!

* September 2011 

	The date of Owasp AppSec '11 Owasp Esapi Ruby 1.0.0 final release.
	GPC will pe prompted to assess the project as Release quality.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Paolo Perego. See LICENSE for details.
